(ORGAN)
♪ Don't need church
to get to heaven ♪
♪ On the internet,
I can live forever ♪
♪ Don't need church
to get to heaven ♪
♪ On the internet,
I can live forever ♪
♪ All of the warfare ♪
♪ All of the horror ♪
♪ Tomorrow we'll forget
about the bad behaviour ♪
♪ Pure seduction
governs corruption ♪
♪ Tomorrow we'll forget
about the-- ♪
♪ You won't find a saviour ♪
♪ Saviour ♪
♪ Without the bad behaviour ♪
♪ Bad behaviour ♪
♪ Bad, bad behaviour ♪
♪ All the kids tryin' ♪
♪ To be famous ♪
♪ Don't trust them ♪
♪ Not to break it ♪
♪ Quit the label ♪
♪ They hate this ♪
♪ Bad, bad behaviour ♪
♪ Don't need church
to get to heaven ♪
♪ On the internet,
I can live forever ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Forget the news on TV ♪
♪ Take off my clothes and
they'll watch me bleed ♪
♪ You won't find a saviour ♪
♪ Saviour ♪
♪ Without the bad behaviour ♪
♪ Bad behaviour ♪
♪ Bad, bad behaviour ♪
♪ All the kids tryin' ♪
♪ To be famous ♪
♪ Don't trust them ♪
♪ Not to break it ♪
♪ Quit the label ♪
♪ They hate this ♪
♪ Bad, bad behaviour ♪
♪ You won't find a saviour ♪
♪ Saviour ♪
♪ Without the bad behaviour ♪
♪ Without the bad... ♪
♪ Don't need church
to get to heaven ♪
♪ On the internet,
I can live forever ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Bad behaviour ♪
♪ Bad behaviour... ♪
♪ Never, ever, ever again ♪
♪ Swear it to God
then we do it again ♪
♪ Never, ever, ever again ♪
♪ Swear it to God
then we do it again ♪
♪ All the kids tryin' to be famous ♪
♪ Don't trust them not to break it ♪
♪ Quit the label ♪
♪ They hate this ♪
♪ Bad behaviour ♪
(WAVES CRASHING)